[ADD] [16.0] stock_picking_date_deadline_syncs_scheduled_date (#1611)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_picking_date_deadline_syncs_scheduled_date/readme/USAGE.md

To use this module, you need to:

> 1. Sale an storable product to create pickings or create a new Delivery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sell a storable product to create pickings or create a new Delivery.
```

2. Confirm the sale or Picking.

> 3. Add the Commitment date to sale or Deadline date on Stock Moves. This will change deadline date and scheduled date of your pickings.

Reviewer: Align your CamelCase wordings.

4. Change again Commitment date on Sales or Deadline Date on Stock Moves. This will change deadline date and scheduled date of your pickings.

> 5. Go to the Picking and change Schedule date if you want to make a replanification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Go to the Picking and change Schedule date if you want to make a rescheduling.
```
